Husband, you can't
I'm not married to a lunatic
He is a fake relative
I don't believe him
Manager Qian, why didn't you notify me when you said you came?
So I can meet you at the door?
Manager Qian has a loser pretending to be Mr. Feng
You're about to have him fired
Manager Qin is Mr. Feng's right-hand man
Got a lot of big orders for the way
And also deeply trusted by Mr. Feng
How dare you pretend to be crazy in front of Manager Qin?
How is it over?
Do you hear me pumping bricks?
Tell you to be bold and let me go
Husband, I don't want to read
How do we go now?
Is it too late to leave now?
Or you yell three times at the door I'm a bitch
Maybe I'll still be in front of the former manager
A few words for each of you
Shut up!
Yes, how to deal with this fake wind resistance?
It's all fried in the Qin scriptures
We're kind of going to jail.
Say less
Mr. Feng, I'm sorry I'm late.